== eve-manufacturing-manager ==
Jersey simple-service examples

Download tomcat7, and setup tomcat-users.xml with the following...
  <role rolename="manager-gui"/>
  <role rolename="manager-script"/>
  <user username="manager" password="manager" roles="manager-gui,manager-script,manager-status"/>

Run....

 mvn clean install tomcat7:undeploy tomcat7:deploy

Alternatively, run the following...

 mvn install

And install the war in target/ manually into your servlet container.


== JS Libraries ==
=== jQuery ===
 sudo npm install -g jquery
 rsync -av /usr/lib/node_modules/jquery/dist/ jquery/

=== bootstrap ===
 sudo npm install -g bootstrap
 rsync -av /usr/lib/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/ bootstrap/
sudo npm install -g mocha karma-mocha
sudo npm install -g bower

=== HTTP Calls ===
The following calls operate on the node express.js version of the application.
The url needs changing for the J2EE instance.

 curl -X POST -H 'Accept: application/json' -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"keyId": "2123", "verificationCode": "cjklsdjlkjsdf"}' \
  'http://localhost:58080/api-keys'

 curl -H 'Accept: application/json' 'http://localhost:58080/api-keys/2123'

== Java vs Node ==

=== Commonalities ===
The commonalities between the two are as follows.

* public/ - contains all bower web dependencies and must be remain as is for Java or be copied to the distribution of a node web application.
* angular/ - contains all angular related files for the application.
*

=== Node Only ===

* rest/ - the express.js routes for REST.
* apiKeys.json - the location api keys are stored.
* app.js - the root node application; run this to start the express.js app.
